hey guys I'm here I'm with Aaron's game
impact and I've seen a lot of YouTube
videos lately about Shaun White's glitch
is not working this is try on my
snowboard we're talking about okay just
to make sure you guys know Shaun White
snowboarding okay go ahead place it
pretty please this is how we're gonna do
it in order to not get the Xbox Live
Update if you already have it it's okay
we can just go to settings and systems
and storage and fresh wire right here
for device options there's some cash to
underly all the updates your Xbox have
to look video games go back out and go
ahead open up the game now right here is
gonna actually ask us to update the game
which we do not want to do so perhaps
what's going on all right there it is
that's good
click the right trigger about five to
six times and we'll see what happens am
i nook in the first time
long is relative han and then of course
now you took it take a look at you money
come on
buy whatever the heck you want whenever
you want I'll have to worry about money
for the rest of the game if you have any
questions go ahead and leave them down
below in the comments okay guys send me
a message if you need help add me on
xbox five do whatever you need to do